== PushVendor

This is a point of sale built with Rails and Twitter Bootstrap. It is still very early in development but will soon be a full featured cloud based, point of sale.

There is no save button for making sales. All updates are made via AJAX. I wanted to simulate desktop application behavior and not reload the page for every action but I also didn't want to rely on Javascript too much, as I did in the prototype. Using AJAX posts, I am able to use the server for calculations and then reload the relevant section on a successful callback. Using ruby instead of JS for calculations makes the system less susceptible to browser and system differences.

--------

Default Credentials: admin, password

--------

Demo Available @ demo.pushvendor.com

____________________________________________________

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 PushVendor

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.